# BLE-Security-Att&Def




0 BlueBorne - A New Class of Airborne Attacks that can Remotely Compromise Any Linux/IoT Device
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WWQTlogqF1I
Hack.lu 2016 BtleJuice: the Bluetooth Smart Man In The Middle Framework by Damiel Cauquil
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G08fh5Sa7TU
1. MASHaBLE: Mobile Applications of Secret Handshakes Over Bluetooth LE
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s79CG2Os0Nc
2. Automatic Discovery of Evasion Vulnerabilities Using Targeted Protocol Fuzzing 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NDWGwrMk3AU
3. Hacking the Wireless World with Software Defined Radio - 2.0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MKbU3HhG2vk
4. Effective File Format Fuzzing – Thoughts, Techniques and Results
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qTTwqFRD1H8
5. Hacking the Wireless World with Software Defined Radio - 2.0
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x3UUazj0tkg

 
6. DEF CON 26 - Damien virtualabs Cauquil - You had better secure your BLE devices
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VHJfd9h6G2s&t=646s
7. DEF CON 24 Wireless Village - Jose Gutierrez and Ben Ramsey - How Do I BLE Hacking
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oP6sx2cObrY
8. DEF CON Safe Mode Wireless Village - FreqyXin - The Basics Of Breaking BLE v3
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=X2ARyfjzxhY
9. DEF CON 26 - Vincent Tan - Hacking BLE Bicycle Locks for Fun and a Small Profit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O-caTVpHWoY
10. DEF CON 26 WIRELESS VILLAGE - ryan holeman - BLE CTF
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lx5MAOyu9N0

11. DEF CON 21 - Ryan Holeman - The Bluetooth Device Database
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BqiIERArnA8
12. DEF CON 22 - Grant Bugher - Detecting Bluetooth Surveillance Systems
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=85uwy0ACJJw

13. KnighTV Episode 11: Hacking BLe Devices Part 1/6: Attacking August Smart Lock Pro
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3e4DBk5BKLg
14. Gattacking Bluetooth Smart Devices - Introducing a New BLE Proxy Tool
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uKqdb4lF0XU&list=LLxFkZjbpt0KyhEv1d342SQQ&index=6&t=91s
15. Bluetooth Reverse Engineering: Tools and Techniques
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gCQ3iSy6R-U
16. Hopping into Enterprise Networks from Thin Air with BLEEDINGBIT
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ASod9cRtZf4

漏洞预警 | BleedingBit蓝牙芯片远程代码执行漏洞 
https://www.anquanke.com/post/id/163307  https://www.secpulse.com/archives/78841.html

17. BA03 Breaking the Teeth of Bluetooth Padlocks Adrian Crenshaw
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=k8Tp5hj6ylY
18. The NSA Playset Bluetooth Smart Attack Tools
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z4gYyrKVFM
